[streaming] - Made namespace consistent in logging & put a null check to stop paincs on shutdown (#42315)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- The `_id` generation process for S3 events has been updated to incorporate the LastModified field. This enhancement ensures that the `_id` is unique. {pull}42078[42078]
- Fix Netflow Template Sharing configuration handling. {pull}42080[42080]
- Updated websocket retry error code list to allow more scenarios to be retried which could have been missed previously. {pull}42218[42218] 

> - In the streaming input made namespace consistent in logs & put a null check to stop paincs on shutdown. {pull}42315[42315]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the `streaming` input, prevent panics on shutdown with a null check and apply a consistent namespace to contextual data in debug logs. {pull}42315[42315]
```
